docs/index.md, before:

# Pilli

The whistle (Finnish: pilli, German: Der Pfiff) parsing random DAFIF like data. 

[License: MIT](https://git.sr.ht/~sthagen/pilli/tree/default/item/LICENSE)

[![version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pilli.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pilli/)
[![downloads](https://pepy.tech/badge/pilli/month)](https://pepy.tech/project/pilli)
[![wheel](https://img.shields.io/pypi/wheel/pilli.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pilli/)
[![supported-versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/pilli.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pilli/)
[![supported-implementations](https://img.shields.io/pypi/implementation/pilli.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pilli/)

## Bug Tracker

Feature requests and bug reports are best entered in the [todos of pilli](https://todo.sr.ht/~sthagen/pilli).

## Primary Source repository

The primary source of `pilli` lives somewhere on a mountain in Central Switzerland.
But, we use decentralized version control (git), so any clone can become the source to everyone's benefit, no central only code.
Anyway, the preferred public clones of `pilli` are:

* [on codeberg](https://codeberg.org/sthagen/pilli) - a democratic community-driven, non-profit software development platform operated by Codeberg e.V.
* [at sourcehut](https://git.sr.ht/~sthagen/pilli) - a collection of tools useful for software development.

Commit message:

Harmonized third-party docs pointer and title case

docs/index.md, after:

# Pilli

The whistle (Finnish: pilli, German: Der Pfiff) parsing random DAFIF like data. 

[License: MIT](https://git.sr.ht/~sthagen/pilli/tree/default/item/LICENSE)

Third party dependencies are documented in the folder [third-party](third-party/README.md).

[![version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pilli.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pilli/)
[![downloads](https://pepy.tech/badge/pilli/month)](https://pepy.tech/project/pilli)
[![wheel](https://img.shields.io/pypi/wheel/pilli.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pilli/)
[![supported-versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/pilli.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pilli/)
[![supported-implementations](https://img.shields.io/pypi/implementation/pilli.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pilli/)

## Bug Tracker

Feature requests and bug reports are best entered in the [todos of pilli](https://todo.sr.ht/~sthagen/pilli).

## Primary Source repository

The primary source of `pilli` lives somewhere on a mountain in Central Switzerland.
But, we use decentralized version control (git), so any clone can become the source to everyone's benefit, no central only code.
Anyway, the preferred public clones of `pilli` are:

* [on codeberg](https://codeberg.org/sthagen/pilli) - a democratic community-driven, non-profit software development platform operated by Codeberg e.V.
* [at sourcehut](https://git.sr.ht/~sthagen/pilli) - a collection of tools useful for software development.
